Priority 1: Bugs
    Mirror Rigify Parameters seems to fail from right to left? (noticed trying to mirror Hinge Toggle option on spider leg Leg1_0.R)
        Won't be relevant after D11606.
    When using autorubberhose(or I guess smooth spline) and scaling things up from the root, it's a disaster.
        Changing BBone easing by scaling STR bones on local Y doesn't seem to work when Smooth Spline param is enabled...
        Hopefully these can be fixed after D9870 but I worry that it will be hard to stay backward compatible.

    Various IK related features *probably* currently only work in certain orientations... Need to list them, test them and fix them:
        - IK/FK snapping
        - AutoRubberHose control roll angle

    Trying to relink a constraint such that it targets an ORG- bone does not work. There is also so much hacking going on because of the ORG bone renaming bullshit.
        We should rework this so that bone creation relies entirely on loading bones from the metarig into BoneInfo instances.
        I've attempted this, it's stashed, but it is a bit of a disaster. Too much of the current code relies on the Generator->Rig->BoneSet->BoneInfo hierarchy of objects. It's hard to arbitrarily create a floating BoneSet, which is kind of by design.
        I guess the issue is that a Generator doesn't have the same powers as a Rig, which is annoying since always. But there's a million other issues also.
        Instead of trying to think of how the system needs to be different from the current one, we should just think of a new system from scratch, and see what existing code we can re-use.
Priority 2: New features
    Investigate which bone shapes and DSP bones could be removed now that we have bone shape transform customization.
    "(Un-)Isolate Character" button in the rig settings that disables all collections except that of this character, saves which collections were disabled by this action, and can then restore the visibility of those collections when clicked again.
    Scale Inheritance and modifiers
        Warn when these modifier values don't have a driver, since they should be hooked up to rig scale (root bone world scale would be easiest, but the closer it is to the nearest relevant parent in the hierarchy the better)
        - Shrinkwrap distance
        - Corrective Smooth scale
        - Cast modifier radius
    Add a warning when object or datablock names have .00x endings (this could cause a lot of clutter though in cases when it should be ignored)
    Add a warning when the rigger has created a bone name starting with "DEF" but it's not deforming. It won't be included in the Whole Character keying set!
    Another text datablock input for Selection Sets, since users can just as easily copy the selection set dictionary into a text datablock and make use of it that way.
    cloud_base features need some treatment for each rig type, see the CloudRig sheet on the Sprite Rigs TODO spreadsheet.
    
    Perhaps some parameters could belong all the way up in CloudBaseRig.
        - Create ORG bones (False by default, can force to True for rigs that need it)
        - UI row and column names...?
    cloud_copy
        Should have an enum selector for Custom Property UI areas, so these custom properties can be added to the rig UI without post-gen script.
    Operator to "push" a constraint on a cloud_copy rig type bone from the generated rig back to the metarig or vice versa. This would be an extension of the "Toggle Rig/Metarig" operator.
        I would not do this anytime soon; First, get rid of constraint re-targetting. Constraints should just set the subtargets normally. Only issue with this is when they target an ORG bone or a cloud_tweak bone it might fail - we need to avoid bone renaming in rig generation, which is a larger refactor.
    Automatic IK/FK switching based on bone selection:
        https://youtu.be/ccbC8JNdXS4?t=755
        https://github.com/Jim-Kroovy/Mr-Mannequins-Tools

Priority 3: Changes that will affect metarigs
    Make cloud_aim an extension of cloud_copy if possible, instead of cloud_base.
    Move Create Root parameter from cloud_aim/cloud_fk_chain/cloud_curve to cloud_base (I guess this is done?)
    Remove cloud_shoulder, and just add bone shape customization to cloud_fk_chain (or all rig types, just apply it to the same bone as constraint relinking)
    Remove "Lock 2nd FK Y/Z" param from cloud_limb and just relink transform locks.
Priority 4: Code quality
    Need to eliminate uses of `bpy.context`, although in some cases it might be a Rigify limitation (should be fixed there too, tbh...)
    Reduce uses of `self` and reduce unnecessary class inheritance. Make functions more static where possible, and pass around more parameters.
    In cloudrig.py, unify how Character and Rig properties are displayed?
        Character properties support prop_hierarchy, vectors, and labels are defined with a property starting with "$".
        Meanwhile rig properties don't support prop_hierarchy and vectors, and labels are defined with a 'texts' keyword.
    Uses of the variable `org_parent` are currently satanic. Should either be avoided, or made uniform, so all BoneInfo instances have an `org_parent` or have a dictionary that keeps track of that relationship. (latter is better I think, can probably be used in other cases)
    Other satanic variables:
        org_bone.def_bones
    
    Find better way to define and reference bone sets instead of slapping on new properties in ensure_bone_sets(), that's hard to follow.
    I guess I wouldn't mind an enum class in each rig's file, like
    class BoneSets:
        DEF = BoneSet()
    but idk if that could work.

    It sucks that define_bone_sets() and ensure_bone_sets() are always so far away from each other, and even just the fact that they both have to exist irks me a lot.
        The reason they both have to exist is because we want to assign them to self, but honestly that's probably not even a good thing to do.
        We could instead maybe have a self.bone_sets[] that's automatically populated based on class information on initialize(), and then accessed as strings, eg.
        instead of self.def_chain it'd be self.bone_sets['DEF']. We could make our own class BoneSets(dict) if we want to execute custom code on keyword access.
        All of this existed before but was deemed clunky - maybe it wasn't.
    I also hate the "enum" cls.default_layers. it's basically just an immutable dictionary, it's lame af. Would rather just have a class with mutable class vars, ie.
    class DefaultLayers:
        IK = 16
    and then just import that everywhere. Or cls.DefaultLayers.IK. Can we put a class within a class?

    Bring up to date how we pass armature constraints to make_constraint() (D9092)
        This will break backwards comp though, so should create a tag accordingly.
Priority 5: UI, UX & documentation
    Bone Set system changes: Now is a UIList, has an "Advance Bone Sets" toggle, the Override buttons are gone, and the Rigify Bone Groups buttons were moved to the Rigify Buttons panel.
    New param: CR_base_custom_props and custom_props_storage.
    cloud_base params now look completely different, should update any screenshots.
    New param: cloud_ik_chain->CR_ik_chain_at_tip
    Relink Constraints never really needs to be disabled. I know we had a philosophy before of "Add useless checkboxes so we can have useful tooltips" but I think that doesn't have to apply to cloud_base, because then the functionality can just be front and center on the wiki.
        If we keep the checkbox, it should also disable relinking on cloud_tweak and cloud_bone (and be documented as such, ie. it doesn't have to be mentioned explicitly)
    Version, clean up and test the metarigs.
        Add a rig that is a legitimate example of rigging a face with CloudRig. Sadly Sprite Fright faces are a bit too full of hacks right now.
    Explain the face set-ups on Sintel and Rex metarigs.
    Add operators in the UI somewhere, somehow.
        Would be nicer to upstream most of these instead. D11606
    Hidden layers shouldn't be set by starting them with a dollar$ign but instead with an eye icon... Not sure if easily possible though since we'd have to hack into the rigify layers propertygroup which I don't want to do.
    Active layers on the generated rig shouldn't be the same as the metarig afterall - or maybe it should be an option (sometimes we do enable the deform layer because we want to see it on generation)
        Should be done upstream.
    Using a UIList for BoneSets would be great but I tried and it seemed impossible to do it in a nice enough way.
        Maybe it is possible now? Would it be any different from the parenting UIList?
Priority 6: Rigify compatibility
    When enabled, bone groups assigned in cloud_bone seem to get overwritten.
    Rigify compatibility specific functions should only affect rigify rig types.
Priority 7: Ideas from Animators that would break backwards comp on Sprite Fright.
    From Javier: Spine IK control with squash&stretch
    From Tom: Add a full parent switching set-up to the IK Pole, that is independent from the IK control itself.
        The available parents could be the same as the IK control, plus the IK control itself.
    From Rik: Make the Spine rig properties bone appear behind the spine.
    Make the Quality slider non-animatable (I don't think this is possible to do in a decent way)
        Add a property registration in cloudrig.py? Don't like it...
        Attach a new text datablock to the rig that registers the properties from the character bone.
            Make sure those properties are overridable but not animatable
            Add those property path changes to the anim curve rename script

Ideas:
    A system to list which bones were created by each bone set, maybe. Maybe it's feature creep tho.
    A button to copy a single bone set's settings to all selected bones.

	Use python's `with` keyword with the `__enter__()` and `__exit__()` built-in functions on the generator to run the cleanup function that restores things to how they were. This should run on both successful and unsuccessful generations.

    Maybe stop inheriting parameters from parent classes. Instead, re-define them with a unique name, then set up a getter/setter system so that always the lowest level rig element sets its own parameter as the "actual" one. Eg., in an early stage of generation, create a self.cr_params dictionary where each rig class puts in its own value using super() calls, leaving the lowest level one last.
        This would make the whole multiple parents/parent switching thing a lot less confusing, and avoid the need for ugly blocks of text in the UI since each rig type could have unique tooltips and UI names.

	Put all Rigify UI in one panel, simply called "Rigify", with the Generate button at the top and everything else in sub-panels.
        This is a Rigify idea not a CloudRig idea, what is it doing here?

	Add an option to preserve Selection Sets on the generated rig. This way they can be authored in a very simple way.
		This would take away the option of assigning Selection Sets based on layers.

	Layers:
		Allow saving Layer Presets into a .json file, and loading and applying those layer presets with the Generate CloudRig Layers button - except, that button, along with a Save button, would remain available after the layers have been generated.	
		Disconnect real armature layers from Rigify layers, so that the rig can always generate with the same active layers instead of always the same ones.
		This would probably require un-registering and the Rigify Layers propertygroup, and registering out modified version instead, which would have these flags:
		- Layer Enabled
		- Layer Protected
		- Layer Visible
	
	Rigs:
		Try implementing the full body IK systems from angavrilov?

		cloud_finger
			Would extend IK chain, but rotating the IK control would sort of bend the finger somehow, or something.
			Param for useless curl controls
			I'm thinking several fingers could come together into a palm, but maybe that should just be an Action constraint type of deal.
		cloud_instance
			This would be a single bone rig with a single parameter, which is another bone from the metarig which has a rigify type.
			This bone would act as an instance of that entire rig element, copying all its child rigs and everything. Crazy stuff. Not sure if possible.
			But wait, the hard part of this is name conflicts. Bone names have to be unique, obviously, but if you just copy over all the bones... hmm... more parameters to handle name replacement? probably a similar deal to the batch rename tool. weird stuff.
		cloud_ik_chain
			Add display helpers for IK master controls. This display helper should stick to the end of the IK chain when IK stretch is disabled. This is so that the IK control doesn't get lost.

	UI
	Dynamic tooltips: This might be possible if we allow rig classes to "re-define" their inherited parameters, and
		change the way we access parameters: Instead of self.params.CR_file_name_some_param, it would be self.get_param("some_param").
		This way, the function could return a different param for different classes, with the same name.
		The mapping of param name to param would have to be stored in the class.
		This adds extra confusion, but allows for "dynamic" tooltips. Also, for clarity, all params would strictly have to be accessed with self.get_param, and that be documented.
		We could even nuke the self.params reference. Or, replace it with a @property in some way!
		Issue is this would have to work on both class level(for drawing code) and instance level(for generation code).

	Customizing bone shapes would be pretty neat.
		I'm thinking an enum dropdown where we list out all the available widget names from Widgets.blend.
		I'm thinking a Bone Shapes parameter section underneath Bone Sets.
		What are the use cases for this currently? Feel like it's not that many. Pretty much FK and STR. Might be better not to overthink this one and just add an enum to cloud_chain between sphere or cube.

	Manage bone rotation modes better - Currently we set everything to an arbitrary rotation mode, I think? We should probably copy the rotation mode from the metarig.
		Perhaps all this needs to be is the classic custom property+driver to let anyone change the rotation mode on the fly for bones that could require it. (shoulders, wrists, thighs, feets)

	Bring back BoolProperties? Issue is animating them works badly. (doesn't work) because they rely on the update callback which is not called when changed by a keyframe.

Better metarig design for Sprite Fright Face rigs:
	Eyebrows - Implements a mix of cloud_copy and cloud_chain?
		- Placed in the same manner as a cloud_chain, but instead of creating a string of bones that actually attach to each other with Stretch To constraints, they just live on their own.
		- Features like Detachable eyebrows and DT helper bones are still done via relinking.
		- Damped Track constraints should create a helper parent bone when relinking. (should possibly be the case for other rigs too)
	Mouth
		This would create the Jaw, the Master Mouth and the "Fake Jaw"(Master Mouth mechanism) that the lower lip can be parented to.
		Tricky bit is that the Master Mouth usually wants to be in a different position than the Jaw.

	Dynamic parenting??
		Still not entirely sure if it can be useful, but feels like it would have to be.
		The idea is to put drivers on Armature constraint bone influences, to dynamically change the parent of a bone based on the movement of some other bone.

		The dynamic parenting shouldn't start until the control is moved by a certain amount, let's call this amount "TransMin"
		And it should be fully parented over at TransMax
		The maximum parenting amount: "Init"

		Driver on new parent:
		min(1, (var-TransMin) / (TransMax-TransMin)) * Init

		Driver on original parent:
		Init - max(0, min(1, (var-TransMin) / (TransMax-TransMin)) * Init)